[Music]
dude in Canada carrying a knife is
illegal and you know it we've got you on
camera explaining to the audience how it
is you try to skirt the law and just
barely get around and justify carrying a
knife the concealed weapon in public in
Canada which is illegal
nice good big night if you're gonna
carry a knife like this never ever ever
ever ever tell the cops it's for
self-defense purposes it in Canada it's
illegal to carry a knife or any weapon
for self-defense so just make sure you
tell them it's for fruit or some sort of
practical utility purposes carry a spoon
with you just to build up your story oh
they're just toys no they're not those
assault batons are not toys those flip
those foot knives are not toys oh all
the guns you see on camera both of them
said that's him his girlfriend the guns
you see on camera our BB guns right
there air guns they don't claim they
don't own real guns I've seen you on
camera talking at length about the
specific models of guns you wanted to
buy and at one point you were talking
about it because we're busy with the
court case and you were saying gleefully
and eagerly what guns you were gonna buy
as soon as your name was cleared in
court did you didn't come out and say I
do not own guns nothing you're saying is
reassuring
[Music]